Yes, I'm Hi, I'm here this time
By Tteyuu Well interval dam age 2 Dark Hound Yes
To 8 s
Certainly yesterday because it is shipped on the 12th
I know it really well, but it is 4 days
It is called and I think that it was released tomorrow
1 day I found Well today
It may not be released today, but it is 14
It was written that it was released on the 4th in the corner of Gunpla of Don Quixote , and it is important to buy
I think so
As I changed it early one day, I 'm getting a good deal of tension
Choice hand
By the way I bought this
It is cool
Well then I will open it
Hot spot
Shibata 6 o'clock laser flowering dependent wear parts
But is this coming do you have me Toka sniffing the floor of incense
En
Yes this is
Dark Hound captain guy riding a hand
I will try
It is a father of that Kio Asuno
I will
This guy
I'm going to make it home and try again
Oh
Thank you for watching it in various ways